c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.dll
c:\users\ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.dll.config
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\obj\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ozan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\EmotionApiTutorial\bin\Debug\EmotionApiTutorial.dll.mdb
